docs: documenting tox envs (#4633)
ansys/pymapdl: doc/source/getting_started/develop_pymapdl.rst

machine (``local`` testing) and when it is not (``remote`` testing).
When working in ``local`` MAPDL is launched by the test suite, and it has
access to the local resources, while in ``remote`` it is expected to be running
on a remote server or container and it does not have access to the local filesystem.

.. flat-table:: Key differences between ``local`` and ``remote`` testing
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Mode
      - ``Local`` testing
      - ``Remote`` testing
    * - Launching MAPDL
      - PyMAPDL finds the local MAPDL installation and launches an MAPDL instance with the specified configuration.
        Use :env:`PYMAPDL_PORT` to specify the port.
      - PyMAPDL connects to a running instance of MAPDL that is expected to be running on a remote server or container.
        Use :env:`PYMAPDL_START_INSTANCE` to set this option.
        You need to start MAPDL before running the tests, and use :env:`PYMAPDL_PORT` and :env:`PYMAPDL_IP` environment variables
        to configure the connection to the running instance.
    * - Access to local resources
      - Has access to the local filesystem and resources.

>       - Does not have access to the local filesystem and resources. PyMAPDL will upload/download files to the remote instance as needed.

Author: ```suggestion
      - Does not have access to the local filesystem and resources. PyMAPDL uploads/downloads files to the remote instance as needed.
```
